Move External Identities APIs to v1.0 (#12210)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/identityuserflow.md

---
title: "UserFlow resource type"

> description: "Identity user flows are built-in authentication journeys"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents an identity user flow that is included in a built-in authentication journey."
```
